## Zabbix
So I finally got zabbix up and running on a Pi 3 and what a learning experience that was.
My goal was to setup the zabbix monitoring server on the Pi and get it to monitor my Ubuntu VM
- First, I setup ssh between the VM and the Pi using keys, and disabled password authentication for ssh. I only have one monitor, so it's way easier to config everything 
  through ssh than to keep swapping hdmi cables.
- I downloaded and installed all the necessary pieces for zabbix using this guide https://bestmonitoringtools.com/how-to-install-zabbix-on-raspberry-pi-raspbian/
- I configured ufw firewalls on both the Pi and Ubuntu machine so I could allow the necessary ports for monitoring. Ubuntu comes with ufw, but I had to install it on the pi.
  (10051/tcp on the pi and 10050/tcp on the VM.)I also took this opportunity to harden the Pi and the VM by only allowing ssh from my LAN subnet. 
- I had to bridge my network connection from my host computer to my VM so everything was on the same subnet. This took some trial and error; VMware is supposed to be able to do
  it with a check box, but I had to manually setup the bridge on my host machine for it to take effect. I was able to delete the bridge after and just use the VMware checkbox
- Installed the zabbix agent on the VM using this guide https://bestmonitoringtools.com/zabbix-agent-linux-install-on-ubuntu-centos-rhel-debian-rasbian/ I had tried messing around 
  with discovery and monitoring by IP without much luck, so I just went with the agent. I think I would have had to allowed SNMP ports on both machines, so the agent seemed more     foolproof.

After a couple minutes, the zabbix server began to collect data from the VM and it was good to go!  
